the young female Yosh one is ready they
have to try mating her straight away the
best candidate is pinpin he's brought to
the nursery and placed in an adjoining
pen to help things along one of the vets
uses a stem of bamboo to touch the
glands under Yosh wands tail
then it's held for pimping to sniff in
the hope you'll find her scent arousing
but he is more interested in the bamboo
itself it's going to be a long session
if the pandas are not attracted sexually
to one another they will fight so the
vets wait until interest picks up before
opening the dividing gate
[Music]
for young-ja chuan this isn't just her
first opportunity to mate it's the first
time she has even been close to another
adult panda neither of them seem to have
any idea of how to go about things
[Music]
most captive born pandas seem to have
lost the knowledge of how to get in the
right position and the position is
crucial because of the male's
disproportionately short penis even when
things are going well
mating can take many attempts
and things aren't going well they take
time out pinpin this frustration is
beginning to show
after a bite to eat they try again
[Music]
this time both pandas seem more excited
pinpin hangs on to Yosh wands neck in an
effort to hold her in place
a bit of aggression is normal but after
repeated attempts they're both tired and
there is a risk of a serious fight
[Music]
frustration and confusion are not a
winning combination mating is called off
[Music]